com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/RedWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.RedWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.RedWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.RedWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/ColoredWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.ColoredWater
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/BlackWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BlackWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BlackWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BlackWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/CyanWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.CyanWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.CyanWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.CyanWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/WhiteWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.WhiteWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.WhiteWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.WhiteWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/MagentaWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.MagentaWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.MagentaWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.MagentaWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/registry/ModFluids.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModFluids
com/codeetoasty/colwater/registry/ModItems.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModItems
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/NewFluid.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.NewFluid
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/DyableWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.DyableWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.DyableWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.DyableWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/LightBlueWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LightBlueWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LightBlueWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LightBlueWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/YellowWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.YellowWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.YellowWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.YellowWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/render/ColoredWaterClient.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.render.ColoredWaterClient
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.render.ColoredWaterClient$1
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.render.ColoredWaterClient$2
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/LimeWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LimeWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LimeWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.LimeWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/PinkWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PinkWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PinkWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PinkWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/GreenWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GreenWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GreenWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GreenWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/OrangeWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.OrangeWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.OrangeWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.OrangeWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/PurpleWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PurpleWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PurpleWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.PurpleWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/GrayWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GrayWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GrayWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.GrayWater$Still
com/codeetoasty/colwater/registry/ModBlocks.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$1
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$10
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$11
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$12
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$13
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$14
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$15
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$2
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$3
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$4
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$5
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$6
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$7
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$8
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.registry.ModBlocks$9
com/codeetoasty/colwater/fluid/BrownWater.java
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BrownWater
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BrownWater$Flowing
 com.codeetoasty.colwater.fluid.BrownWater$Still
